#summary Overview of the Requirements Specification for Project #2

= Introduction =
The requirements specification details the functional requirements of the web page, along with use cases.

= Short Story =

Andre, in Boston, want to have some fun in approaching summer vacation. One day talking to his girl friend Tina on the phone who is in Washington DC, they realize that it's been a long time they have actually met each other. They talk about meeting each other in summer vacation but they don't really want to go to each others place. So they decide to meet somewhere in the middle. He goes to "Meet Me in Half Way" (MMHW)web page and enters their current location. MMHW looks for the some place in the middle of them, that is New York, accessible by airplanes, and then displays air fares, collected from kayak, to New York from Boston and from Washington DC. Andre and his girl friend think about meeting in New York and actually find it is easy to get accommodation in NY and they can have fun too. So they follow the link to kayak.com and books tickets to NY. 


= Short Story =


= Use case =

*Description*: Book air ticket via Meet Me in Half Way 

*Actor*: Two internet users A and B 

*Preconditions*: None

*Success Guarantee(or Postconditions)*: not applicable


*Main Success Scenario(or Basic Flow)*: 
	# Users A and B decide meet somewhere in the middle of their current location.
	# Users A and B visit Meet Me in Half Way web page.
	# MMHW displays the lowest fare for flying from A's city to the middle city and the lowest fare for flying from B's city to the middle city.
	# Users A and B click on the respective links.
	# MMHW redirects to the search for the appropriate flight at Kayak.com.


*Extensions(or Alternative Flows)*:
	none


*Exception*:
	5. If users are not interested at the price and doesn't click the VisitME link, the use case ends.<br>
	

*Special Requirements*: not applicable
