= Short Story: Paul visits Jim's profile =

Paul goes to Facebook and decides to click on Jim's profile, who was one of his fraternity brother in college and doesn't have VisitME installed. When viewing Jim's profile, Paul sees that Jim does not have VisitME installed. He then goes on to the VisitME application, where he can find a link to invite his friends to use the application as well as simply search for the flight cost by typing in Jim's name into the search bar.

= Use case =
*Description*: Book air tickets via VisitME on one's profile page in Facebook. 

*Actors*: Facebook user A, B.

*Preconditions*: A, B are Facebook users. A has VisitMe, while B doesn't

*Success Guarantee(or Postconditions)*: not applicable 

*Main Success Scenario(or Basic Flow)*: 
  # User A logs in Facebook. 
  # User A visits B's profile.
  # Facebook does not display VisitME information on B's profile.
  # User A goes to VisitME application.
  # User A enters B's name in search bar and hits enter.
  # VisitME returns the lowest cost flight for B to visit A.

*Extensions(or Alternative Flows)*: 
  5a. A goes to "invite friends" link
  6a. Facebook-based invite box shows up
  7a. A invites B to VisitME
  8a. A notification is sent to B

*Exception*:
 
  4. If user A is not interested at the price and doesn't click on VisitME button, the use case ends.

*Special Requirements*: not applicable 

*Technology and Data Variations List*:
  3. When user A visits own profile, VisitME will connect to kayak.com to retrieve latest flight quotes and display them. 

*Frequency of Occurence*: Normal. 