#summary Paul visits his own profile (most common)
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

While Paul normally wants to see how much it would cost for a random friend to visit him, he changed his preference on VisitME to show how much it would cost for his closest friends, according to Facebook at least, to visit him.

One slow day Paul is bored at work, so he decides to check his Facebook profile. Because Paul has friends located all over the world, he has the VisitME application installed. On his own profile page, he sees the VisitME box showing that it would cost his friend and former classmate Jane, who visits Paul's profile a lot, $387 to fly to Boston from LAX. Paul then follows the link and books a flight to surprise an old friend.

= Use cases =

*Description*: Book air ticket via VisitME on ones own profile page in Facebook.


*Actor*: Facebook user A.


*Preconditions*: A is a Facebook user with the VisitME application installed.


*Success Guarantee(or Postconditions)*: not applicable


*Main Success Scenario(or Basic Flow)*: 
	# User A logs in Facebook.
	# User A visits own profile page.
	# VisitME displays the lowest fare for flying from A's city to closest friend of A's city.
	# User A clicks on VisitME's airfare link.
	# VisitME redirects to the search for the appropriate flight at Kayak.com.


*Extensions(or Alternative Flows)*:
	none


*Exception*:
	4. If user A is not interested at the price and doesn't click the VisitME link, the use case ends.<br>
	

*Special Requirements*: not applicable


*Technology and Data Variations List*:
	3. When user A visits user B's profile, VisitME will connect to kayak.com to retrieve latest flight quotes and display them.


*Frequency of Occurence*: Rare.