#summary Jim visits Paul's profile
#labels Phase-Requirements

_DRAFT_

= Introduction =

As usual, Jim opened firefox and logged in to facebook to check his friends' news in the morning. The first news feed in his homepage was from his college roommate Paul, it said "Paul is missing all my old friends". Jim smiled, "hey, dude, I miss you too". 

Jim clicked Paul's name to his profile page. He viewed Paul's newly added photos of his trip to Santa Barbara. And suddenly, he found there is a small blue button on the left column of Paul's profile page, just below the information box. It displayed "VisitMe-$188". "Interesting", Jim thought, and after he clicked this button, a window popped out and there is a calender(or trend figure) displaying the best fares found by Kayak 30 days from now. From calender(or trend figure), he saw the lowest fare in next 30 days to fly from Durham, NC to Boston, MA is $188 on Nov. 13th. 

Jim checked his schedule, it is a Friday and he would be free that weekend, "hmm... I haven't seen Paul since graduate, maybe it's a good time to visit him", so he followed the link to Kayak.com and booked a round-trip to Boston.


= Use cases =

*Description*: Book air ticket via VisitME on one friend's profile page in Facebook.


*Actor*: Facebook user.


*Preconditions*: A and B are both Facebook users with connection; and B has installed VisitME application.


*Success Guarantee(or Postconditions)*: not applicable


*Main Success Scenario(or Basic Flow)*: 
	# User A logs in Facebook.
	# User A visits user B'profile page.
	# VisitME displays the lowest fare for flying from A's city to B's city in next 30 days.
	# User A clicks on VisitME button.
	# VisitME redirects to kayak.com.
	# kayak.com searches all flights in next 30 days and highlights 10 lowest fares.
	# User A chooses a flight from them.
	# kayak.com redirects to the ticket booking site of the flight user chosen.
	# User A books the flight ticket.



*Extensions(or Alternative Flows)*:
	6a. If user changes their constraint, such as departure or return date, and start city or destination:
		6a1. kayak.com searches the flights based on new requirements again.<br>
		6a2. The use case continues from step 7.


*Exception*:
	4. If user A is not interested at the price and doesn't click on VisitME button, the use case ends.<br>
	7. If no flight satisfies user A and the user doesn't choose any flight but leaving kayak.com, the use case ends.<br>
	9. If user A changes mind before actually booking the ticket, the use case ends.


*Special Requirements*: not applicable


*Technology and Data Variations List*:
	3. When user A visits user B's profile, VisitME will connect to kayak.com to retrieve latest flight quotes and displays them.


*Frequency of Occurence*: Occasionally, once per 2-3 months.